README.md, before:

Color Picker 1.0.1
==================

Hello. Thank you for downloading the Color Picker plug-in for Coda 2.

This plugin is a simple alternative to the built-in color picker in Coda 2.

It uses the Apple system-level color panel which you are probably familiar with from using other applications. This panel also allows you to enter numeric values, making it a bit more flexible than Coda's color picker.

With the system-level color panel you get access to the color wheel, Gray Scale, RGB, CMYK, HSB, Crayon pickers and more.

In addition, you can save your favorite colors by dragging them into the color wells at the bottom of the panel.

To use, simply select any color from the panel and the color value will be inserted into the Coda editor. If you set the alpha level, the color value will display as RGBA otherwise it will display hex values.

You can use this plug-in via the Plug-ins menu item in Coda 2 or by pressing Control-Option-Command-C on your keyboard.


Installation
============

For best result, please do the following:

1. Close Coda 2
2. Open Coda 2
3. Double-click not the "Color Picker.codaplugin" file

You should find the "Insert Color…" option under the Plug-ins menu item in Coda 2.


Uninstallation
==============

For best result, please do the following:

1. Close Coda 2
2. In Finder, navigate to: /Users/YOUR USER DIRECTORY/Library/Application Support/Coda 2/Plug-ins/
3. Select the "Color Picker.codaplugin" file and move it to the Trash
4. Open Coda 2


Problems or Questions
=====================

If you run into any issues using this plug-in or just have general comments or recommendations, please contact me @joedakroub via Twitter or joe.dakroub@me.com.


License
=======

Color Picker is distributed under The MIT License (MIT). Please refer to 'LICENSE' file for more information.


Changelog
=========

Version 1.0.1

Fixed a bug where the color panel would still send change notifications to the editor (thus writing whatever color was chosen) when using the theme color picker in Coda's preference panel.

Version 1.0

* Initial release

Commit message:

Added code to set the initial color of the color picker if a hex value is selected.

README.md, after:

Color Picker 1.0.2
==================

Hello. Thank you for downloading the Color Picker plug-in for Coda 2.

This plugin is a simple alternative to the built-in color picker in Coda 2.

It uses the Apple system-level color panel which you are probably familiar with from using other applications. This panel also allows you to enter numeric values, making it a bit more flexible than Coda's color picker.

With the system-level color panel you get access to the color wheel, Gray Scale, RGB, CMYK, HSB, Crayon pickers and more.

In addition, you can save your favorite colors by dragging them into the color wells at the bottom of the panel.

To use, simply select any color from the panel and the color value will be inserted into the Coda editor. If you set the alpha level, the color value will display as RGBA otherwise it will display hex values.

You can use this plug-in via the Plug-ins menu item in Coda 2 or by pressing Control-Option-Command-C on your keyboard.


Installation
============

For best result, please do the following:

1. Close Coda 2
2. Open Coda 2
3. Double-click not the "Color Picker.codaplugin" file

You should find the "Insert Color…" option under the Plug-ins menu item in Coda 2.


Uninstallation
==============

For best result, please do the following:

1. Close Coda 2
2. In Finder, navigate to: /Users/YOUR USER DIRECTORY/Library/Application Support/Coda 2/Plug-ins/
3. Select the "Color Picker.codaplugin" file and move it to the Trash
4. Open Coda 2


Problems or Questions
=====================

If you run into any issues using this plug-in or just have general comments or recommendations, please contact me @joedakroub via Twitter or joe.dakroub@me.com.


License
=======

Color Picker is distributed under The MIT License (MIT). Please refer to 'LICENSE' file for more information.


Changelog
=========

Version 1.0.2

* If a hex value is selected in the current document, the color picker will display that color as it's initial value

Version 1.0.1

* Fixed a bug where the color panel would still send change notifications to the editor (thus writing whatever color was chosen) when using the theme color picker in Coda's preference panel.

Version 1.0

* Initial release
